docs/add line separators to curl requests secrets sync (#23681)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/api-docs/system/secrets-sync.mdx

## Remove Association

The remove endpoint unlinks a secret from an existing destination based on the

> secret name and mount path, and triggers an un-sync operation. Un-sync
> operations delete the secret from the external system. The un-sync operation

Author: ```suggestion
secret name and mount path, and triggers an unsync operation. Unsync
operations delete the secret from the external system. The unsync operation
```
